# Q2Assignment
Question 2 One of our projects requires you to automated the sing up flow, refer to the automation requirement given below for the steps to be followed. Automation Requirements: • Launch a new Browser. • Open URL https://jt-dev.azurewebsites.net/#/SignUp • Validate that the dropdown has "English" and "Dutch" • Fill in your name. • For organization, use your name as well. • Input your email address. • Click on "I agree to the Terms And Conditions" • Click on "SignUp" • Validate that you received an email. Deliverable: The deliverable shall be shared via GitHub, BitBucket, SourceTree, or any versioning System containing all relevant Test Cases in the correct sequence. Evaluation and Scoring: You are free to ask any questions for clarification or help. You will be evaluated on the below attributes - 1. A working codebase delivered via Github, Gitlab, or Bitbucket. 2. 'Readme.md’ on the codebase, explaining how to run the deliverable. 3. Test Case Completeness of Requirements. 4. Automation Code Readability. 5. Use of Advance Technical concepts. 6. Tracking or journaling your work to tell how you have spent your time on this problem. Next Steps: 1. Read the requirement thoroughly. Please keep a copy of it for a reference if needed. 2. Send the deliverable to rashmi.koravi@thinkbridge.in, in the next 3 days via GitHub, Bitbucket, or SourceTree. If not received within the specified time, we will consider it as an un-attempted question. 3. Click on the Submit button of this test.
